however they Maria hello there and you
heard the good news
Queen ba-bum has turned up queen bobomb
you mean the wife of king bob bomb yeah
the one you killed no no no no this is a
Nintendo game
we don't say killed we say defeated they
always come back yeah if people say I
mean you look like queen bubble well
without the crown and the elms anyway
maybe you'd like to go and see her and
sure she's not too upset you kidding
I mean defeating her husband where is
she then same things that King Bob um
was you mean the bathroom know her name
the mountains huh
oh wow that's all the way at the top
I'll like on the mountaintop be at the
bottom Yahoo I think I left to start
saying something different - yeah who
every time I long jump I know I like
peace yeah that's better
all that was cool huh yeah not many 64
year I was can do those kind of moves ya
know I'm saying instead of our light
peace windows is cliche now if I know um
why don't you try Google Chrome no know
if one's doing it already and and what
could I have instead of yeah all these
stupid black things and you stupid
things they use up what must be at the
top nearly well me fryer got less health
no never good
oh there she is hello oh you must be the
one who killed my house bread how dare
you oh nice myst - what's wrong with a
woman having a moustache and nothing I
suppose I've got to pick you up three
times to get my stuff yes well but the
only thing is you'll get the same stop
em about your shoes very great so
Oh your wish Gary may join me to fire
you to KFC I can't quite for your that
for tight mats Oh bouncing yeah all you
have to do better than that
Mario you go pick me up free toy that
was only once can't you cam will give me
chance coughing up a problem
right take this
yeah whoa oh that that will roll that
was a good friar I have to say and one
more time ease and it's time for you to
say goodbye yeah should I turn into a
stone what kind of life is that it's a
Nintendo life it's Nintendo logic
copyright Nintendo say that's yeah
oh you deflation me and my husband Oh
grow and all that stuff there's your
star everything there you go
welcome to education time not sponsored
by Nintendo right
oh great another forget this quickly go
all the way back up to the mountains huh
oh my gosh I'm I might as well be
telling you how the code works well come
on going on I bet today it's a very
simple code it's only quite long because
oops because of the color venues and so
that they work on a real n64 you have to
keep repeating in my why should get that
marble effect you know and yeah so the
code basically changed his King Bob
mom's body from black to the Bob on
buddy's body so it's pink and it changes
the color of King Bob bombs shoes won't
even paint it changes a color from of
King Bob um shoes from yellow to red to
give a sort of Queenie makeover if you
will and yes the code is quite simple
but the color values as usual are what
make it a lot longer now if I just enter
my equalizer in game menu these are the
power values where the addresses of the
PAL and the other venues were actually
work on TSU as well those values are
these segments offset this is a texture
to use for one side a king bond yeah
came problems but you see if I just puts
a random value I'm sorry
with helpfu turn the code off first I'm
Russian as usual turn the code off first
then change it to a random friendly
saying oh he's got a bit of a sky yes if
you haven't realized it and the textures
are all square but through transparency
we can do round these textures but yes
way
so two halves that make up a BA BOM King
ba BOM and there
and then the color values will just go
too quickly and this is funny she's
Korean citizens the kind of value
the first color value spells at dated 23
best Dead 23 double 0 X 1 X X
coincidences but for that was here we go
and know this night its beasts you know
yep there we are
gotcha
and so it's rate so I did 8 0 0 0 0 0
remember it's RGB red green blue just
get out pain or soften Kingdom you can
play around to the values we have to
repeat them four times basically for
each shoot so for example if I want to
do green I've used 8 0 into the f0 so
it's sort of half not for intensity not
too bright
there you go that's one half then the
other half because you might like them
up or fetch you can't do that if you
want but I don't think it works on them
later only on a real 164 but somebody
can correct me that's not so but you get
some cool effects by combining all these
colors and such they're out 1 4 is green
looks a bit weird you keep waving so
there you have it
Queen Bob or gif King Bob Amma sort of
girly makeover and I hope you have fun
these go to bye for now
why